== DADS Table of Content Service

The DADS Table of Content Service (DADS ToCS) is an web service delivering table of content information for journals.

A more detailed description can be found in our wiki https://infoshare.dtv.dk/twiki/bin/view/DADS/ToCS (Not created yet)

== Proxy Installation

In order to use DADS ToCS you are required to set up a proxy which hides your API key from the outside world.

You can either create your own or use the reference implementation we provide (for Java; Tomcat). 

If you choose our reference implementation your proxy please follow these steps:

1. Download the .war file containing the latest version of our proxy from https://infoshare.dtv.dk/twiki/bin/view/DADS/ToCS

2. Download the proxy configuraion file proxy.xml from https://infoshare.dtv.dk/twiki/bin/view/DADS/ToCS

3. Move proxy.xml into your Tomcat configuration directory (like: %TOMCAT_HOME%/conf/Catalina/localhost)

4. Open proxy.xml with your favorite text editing tool and make the following changes.

5. Insert the path to where you stored the proxy.war file, where it says "INSERT PATH TO WAR FILE"

       It should look something like this:
       <Context docBase="path.to.your.war.file/proxy.war" debug="0" crossContext="true" >

6. Insert your api key where it says "INSERT API KEY".

       It should look something like this:
       <Environment name="dadscis.toc.apiKey" value="yourApiKey" type="java.lang.String" override="false"/>

7. Notice the "dadscis.toc.serviceUrl" parameter in the proxy.xml file. This determines which of our servers your proxy is accessing.

       The different server options can be found on our wiki: https://infoshare.dtv.dk/twiki/bin/view/DADS/ToCS
       It should be noted, that the "dadscis.toc.serviceUrl" parameter always should point to the api, like "http://staging.tocservice.cvt.dk/api"

8. Restart your Tomcat.

9. Your proxy is now up and running.

       You should now be able to reach your proxy on:
       http://dads.partners.own.server.edu (if you have installed the proxy as a root application)
       or on
       http://dads.partners.own.server.edu/nameofwarfile (most likely "proxy" or "proxy-STAGE-VERSION")
       
       If you see a page with a reference to the DADS Table of Content Service wiki your proxy works and you can get started using DADS ToCS.

== Using DADS ToCS

Will be added soon...

== Using DADS ToCS fronted template

Will be added soon...